add-schema-name-restrictions (#2040)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/3.ngql-guide/10.tag-statements/1.create-tag.md

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|`IF NOT EXISTS`|Detects if the tag that you want to create exists. If it does not exist, a new one will be created. The tag existence detection here only compares the tag names (excluding properties).|

> |`<tag_name>`|1. Each tag name in the graph space must be **unique**. <br>2. Tag names cannot be modified after they are set.<br>3. Tag names cannot start with a number; they support 1-4 byte UTF-8 encoded characters, including English letters (case sensitive), numbers, Chinese characters, etc., but do not include special characters other than underscores. To use special characters, reserved keywords or starting with a number, quote them with backticks (\`) and cannot use periods (`.`). For more information, see [Keywords and reserved words](../../3.ngql-guide/1.nGQL-overview/keywords-and-reserved-words.md). **Note**: If you name a tag in Chinese and encounter a `SyntaxError`, you need to quote the Chinese characters with backticks (\`).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`<tag_name>`|1. Each tag name in the graph space must be **unique**. <br>2. Tag names cannot be modified after they are set.<br>3. Tag names cannot start with a number; they support 1-4 byte UTF-8 encoded characters, including English letters (case sensitive), numbers, Chinese characters, etc., but do not support special characters other than underscores. To use special characters, reserved keywords, or start with a number in a tag name, enclose them in backticks (\`), and do not use periods (`.`) in a tag name. For more information, see [Keywords and reserved words](../../3.ngql-guide/1.nGQL-overview/keywords-and-reserved-words.md). **Note**: If you name a tag in Chinese and encounter a `SyntaxError`, you need to quote the Chinese characters with backticks (\`).|
```
